Add a hint to OIDC and Hibernate Multitenancy docs about passing a tenant id (#12014)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-multitenancy.adoc

From the implementation above, tenants are resolved from the request path so that in case no tenant could be inferred, `null` is returned to indicate that the default tenant configuration should be used.

[NOTE]
===

> If you also use link:hibernate-orm#multitenancy[Hibernate MultiTenancy] and both OIDC and Hibernate tenant IDs are the same and must be extracted from the Vertx `RoutingContext` then you can pass the tenant id from the OIDC Tenant Resolver to the Hibernate Tenant Resolver as a `RoutingContext` attribute, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you also use link:hibernate-orm#multitenancy[Hibernate ORM multitenancy] and both OIDC and Hibernate ORM tenant IDs are the same and must be extracted from the Vert.x `RoutingContext` then you can pass the tenant id from the OIDC Tenant Resolver to the Hibernate ORM Tenant Resolver as a `RoutingContext` attribute, for example:
```
